#summary How to report a bug or request a new feature or function.
#labels Featured

= Introduction =

The QMUL Genome Convergence Pipeline project is an output of the Rossiter Lab at QMUL, managed by Joe Parker. The project is in its infancy and we're still working on core functions at least as much as the graphical user interface (GUI). However, if you are an alpha (test) version user and want to *report a bug* or *request a feature or change* please see below:

= Report/Request =

== Before you start ==
Before reporting a new issue, please verify that:
  * Your input data (alignments, trees etc) are formatted correctly
  * You have the relevant versions of PAML, RAxML, NewickUtils, PhyloBayes installed
  * Your computer is running at least Java 1.6.x or higher.

== Bug reports == 
*Existing bugs* and issues are logged at [https://code.google.com/a/eclipselabs.org/p/qmul-genome-convergence-pipeline/issues/list https://code.google.com/a/eclipselabs.org/p/qmul-genome-convergence-pipeline/issues/list]. *Please check here first* to see if the issue you're experiencing has already been documented / fixed. 
If you have a *new issue* please report it using the simple form [https://code.google.com/a/eclipselabs.org/p/qmul-genome-convergence-pipeline/issues/entry here]. It takes a few minutes and you can report bugs anonymously (although if you're signed into Google it will help us if we need to contact you for any follow-up queries). Please provide as much information as possible.

== Feature requests == 
You can request features and enhancements using [https://code.google.com/a/eclipselabs.org/p/qmul-genome-convergence-pipeline/issues/entry the same form] but again, please [https://code.google.com/a/eclipselabs.org/p/qmul-genome-convergence-pipeline/issues/list check existing requests first].

Thanks very much!